# Policies

* * *

If any of the following policies are violated, there is the possibility of
entering a probationary period at the discretion of the instructor and campus
director.

## Attendance

Absences and timeliness - You can miss up to 4 lectures; after that, your
enrollment in career support is forfeit. I don't recommend missing any, as we
will be moving very fast!  Also, please show up on time. We count 2 lates as an
absence. All I ask for is general respect of the crew and class so that we can
learn without constant hiccups and interruptions!

## Homework

Late or incomplete homework - Your homework is due by 9 AM on the assigned day.
After that, it is late. If you miss homework assignments, come talk to me,
because I know problems and emergencies can happen. However, you will be
required to make up for late/incomplete assignments, so don't fall behind! I
would rather see a solid attempt on time than a complete assignment late. Solid
attempts are not considered late!

## Honor code

Honor - You are expected to do your own work. If you don't, why are you here?
You should use all resources available to you, including open-source code, but
copy and pasting open-source code is prohibited: you should use it only for
inspiration or as a library in a bigger project. Copying homework is taken very
seriously and can result in forfeiting career support.

## Code of Conduct

1. The Academy is dedicated to providing a harassment-free educational
experience for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability,
physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. The Academy does not tolerate
harassment of students in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not
appropriate for any Academy venue. A student violating these rules may be
sanctioned or expelled from the Academy without a refund at the discretion of
the Academy.

2. Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual
images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing
photography or recording, sustained disruption of lectures or other events,
inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Students asked
to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

3. If a student engages in harassing behavior, the Academy may take any action
it deems appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the
Academy with no refund.

4. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or
have any other concerns, please contact a member of the Academy immediately.
